docs: update contributing docs for pnpm transition (#1043)
InsightSoftwareConsortium/itk-wasm: docs/development/hacking_itk_wasm.md

# Hacking ITK-Wasm

## TLDR

Install Docker, and

```sh
npm i -g pnpm
pnpm install
pnpm build
pnpm test
```

and contribute the patch with standard GitHub best practices.

## Introduction

**Welcome to the ITK community! ☀️**

We are glad you are here and appreciate your contribution. Please keep in mind our [community participation guidelines](https://github.com/InsightSoftwareConsortium/ITK/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Thank you in advance for contributing a pull request! 🙏

> ## High level overview

Author: Good ideas, done.

The following sections describe how to contribute to [ITK-Wasm's constituent parts](../introduction/parts.md).

We follow [standard GitHub contribution best practices]: pull requests made from forks are tested with continuous integration tests, and updates are made via code review before integration.

We use the [conventional commit] standard for our commit message format in the *itk-wasm* repository.

> The C++ core and Docker build environment can be developed independently from the CLI, language-specific libraries, and example packages. The latter are developed as a [pnpm workspace]. Individual packages in the workspace can be developed independently after `pnpm install` is executed at the root.

Reviewer: Are there any special/specific instructions when implementing changes required on both core and individual packages side? For example, I remember `itk-wasm core` used to run the sub-packages by pulling them at run time through `itk-config.ts`. Does this still remain true? How can a developer make local changes to both itk-wasm-core as well as an auxiliary sub-package and link both for testing?

Reviewer 2: Methinks this is addressed in Example packages section. (Just pnpm build at root)

Author: Yes, pnpm makes this much better now -- since itk-wasm is linked into the example packages, any changes made there are applied immediately.

## C++ core

ITK-Wasm's [C++ core](../introduction/parts.md#cxx-core) can be developed with native toolchains. The steps are:

0. Install a [C++ compiler toolchain] and [CMake]
1. Build [ITK]
2. Build the `WebAssemblyInterface` module from this module against ITK
3. Run the tests

From a command line, these steps in brief are:

```sh
# Build ITK

> git clone https://github.com/InsightSoftwareConsortium/ITK

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be build with our forked version of ITK?
https://github.com/InsightSoftwareConsortium/itk-wasm/blob/main/src/docker/itk-wasm-base/Dockerfile#L40

Author: Great point! For developing the `WebAssemblyInterface` code, either will work, but I will make a note about where to make changes to ITK.

git clone https://github.com/InsightSoftwareConsortium/itk-wasm
cmake -Bitk-wasm-build -Sitk-wasm -DBUILD_TESTING=ON -DITK_DIR=$PWD/ITK-build
cmake --build itk-wasm-build

# Run the tests
ctest --test-dir itk-wasm-build
```

For additional guidance on C++ development, see the [ITK Software Guide].

### Testing data

To prevent Git repository bloat, we add testing data through [CMake content links](https://docs.itk.org/en/latest/contributing/upload_binary_data.html) of [Content Identifiers (CIDs)](https://proto.school/anatomy-of-a-cid). To add new test data,

1. Upload the data and download its content link *.cid* file with the [CMake w3 ExternalData Upload Tool](https://content-link-upload.itk.org/)
2. Move the *.cid* file to *itk-wasm/test/Input/*
3. Reference the content link with a `DATA{<path>}` call in *itk-wasm/test/CMakeLists.txt*.

## Build environment Docker images

Builds of the [wasm build environment Docker images](../introduction/parts.md#docker) or WebAssembly modules require [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/).

* On Linux, make sure you can run [`docker` without `sudo`](https://askubuntu.com/questions/477551/how-can-i-use-docker-without-sudo).

> * On Windows, we recommend [WSL 2 with Docker enabled](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/wsl/).

Reviewer: 👍 +1 for WSL2. We can install and use Docker Engine (the free kind), without difficulty. I haven't faced any significant issues developing with itk-wasm on WSL2.

Author: Good to know!

I will add a note about Docker Desktop licensing, too.

```sh
./src/docker/pull.sh
```

To build the `latest` build environment Docker images from the Docker configuration and local C++ core,

```sh
./src/docker/build.sh --with-debug
```

The `--with-debug` flag will also build the `latest-debug` tagged images.

To use these locally built images in the pnpm build, remove (*clean*) the old build artifacts from the repository first.

```sh
# Remove old build artifacts
pnpm clean

pnpm install
pnpm build
```

## Command line interface (CLI)

The `itk-wasm` [command line interface (CLI)](../introduction/parts.md#cli) is a [Node.js / NPM] script developed with the [PNPM] package manager tool. This CLI is included with the [`itk-wasm` package].

Development requires:

1. [Node.js / NPM](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
2. Bash, e.g. macOS or Linux terminal, [Windows Git Bash] or [WSL] terminal
3. [PNPM], which can be installed with `npm i -g pnpm`
4. Chrome and Firefox installed

To build and test the CLI,

```sh
git clone https://github.com/InsightSoftwareConsortium/itk-wasm
cd itk-wasm/packages/core/typescript/itk-wasm
pnpm install
pnpm build
pnpm test
```

## Language-specific libraries

> The [language-specific core libaries](../introduction/parts.md#language-libraries) include the `itk-wasm` library, whose development is described above, and the [`itkwasm` Python package].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [language binding libaries](../introduction/parts.md#language-libraries):

### JavaScript

The development of `itk-wasm` is described above in the Command line interface section.

### Python
```
Scanable tweeks
